whyever 3d camera well 3d is the hot
ticket at the moment a lot of people are
now buying 3d televisions it wouldn't be
great to see your wedding or your party
in high-definition in movies on your 3d
television because you can do it with
this well unlike in the past where we
had to have those funny glasses this is
real 3d it takes two pictures like your
eyes do and you can display the pictures
on the back of this fabulous lenticular
screen we're seeing things like we see
them in real life
this camera is real 3d you've got a
number of options firstly in the
fabulous screen in the back here which
is a wide view high resolution 3.5 inch
screen or you can even plug it into your
3d television should you own one via the
HDMI socket you're not just limited to
water mode for 3d shots you've got
manual control if you want to get really
creative
it's got aperture priority it's even got
a program mode it's a fully featured
digital camera that has a 3d capability
for the best of 3d photography you
really need to be about one-and-a-half
meters away up to about 200 meters
obviously if it's a flat scene or it's a
scene in the distance we don't actually
see 3d in a distance try to think about
what you take a picture of and try
introduce things in the foreground to
accentuate the 3d part of your
photography this is armed with HD a 3d
video
it's got HDMI so you can playback 720p
HD 3d video on your 3d ready TV the w3
is not just a 3d camera it can be used
as a really good 2d camera you've got 3d
video you've got 3d stills and you've
got two distills and 2d video as well
and because it's two cameras bolted
together you can actually take a wide
shot and a tele shot at the same time
how cool is that
Hollywood's aren't releasing all their
movies in 3d now we've got 3d gaming you
know and a lot of people are owners of
3d televisions Fujifilm one of the
largest photographic manufacturers
they're a true photographic brand and
the beauty of fujas you will not see
that brand name on fridges vacuum
cleaners and lawnmowers and televisions
they just put all their research and
development into these fabulous products
the WC will available in all good
department stores and specially
photographic shops at the end of
September
[Music]